you
the legend of a lost city of gold and
the two men brave enough to find it I am
Miguel and I am Tulio and they call us
Miguel and Tulio your guys are loaded I
will give you the owner of a quick and
painless
gasp but not with that I'll bet we can
make that two pesetas says we can't fuse
DreamWorks Pictures invite you to join
two friends on an incredible journey
we'll follow that trail what trail to
the Magnificent city of gold El Dorado
big smile like you mean it they actually
think we're good
miguel and tulio mighty and powerful
God's
Oh No don't eat my help
what makes you think we need your help
are you serious they're bound for
excitement
you two got romance hmm and danger I
know you are not God you you're not a
god
that was good featuring six new songs
from Elton John and Tim Rice the Oscar
winning team from The Lion King the road
to El Dorado
hell
stop
you